well we begin this newsour in Gaza where
the Israeli military has carried out
strikes across the strip including in
the southern city of Rafa where 1 and a
half million Palestinians are Sheltering
several people have been killed or
injured and in Kan Yunis people there
returning to the city after Israeli
forces withdrew on Monday have been
recovering bodies from the rubble around
80 have been found so far the Israeli
pull out followed weeks of intense
battles with Palestinian Fighters many
families have been trying to Salvage
their belongings from the ruins of their
homes well let's speak to hany Mahmud he
joins us now from Rafa hany I want to
start with these strikes overnight and
and this morning I understand they were
brutal talk us through what was
targeted yes well more more aggressive
Air Raids across the GS mly concentrated
in the Central Area particularly the
city of Dar the eastern part of the city
where at least one person reported
killed in an air strikes that targeted a
residential homes that he was Sheltering
in along with his family members the
family members were transferred to Ala
hospital with different injuries
arriving to an already overwhelmed
exhausted health facilities and further
uh the central part of the central AA
that's Al magazi refugee camp where in
an air strike killed the mayor of Al
magazi and he is also the head of the
the municipality of Al magazi area and
the the the surrounding areas Israeli
military put a statement out that that
was a targeted killing for a lot of
people in the area they know this person
as the head of the municipal and more of
a mayor of of the air with several other
injuries who were also reported to Ala
hospital here in RAF City
quadcopters keep tar shooting and
targeting every moving object at the
eastern part of the city and causing the
death of one person in his late 50s and
several other injuries with who were
shot by the quad captur meanwhile in the
city of Han un tragedies keep unfolding
as the Israeli military hold it from the
city within the past 48 hours with more
people are being removed from under the
rebels fully decomposed we're talking
about some of the bodies have been under
the Rebels for the past three or four
months and since the beginning of the
ground invasions mainly the eastern part
of the city kanun were literally
according to people who went to inspect
on their homes the destruction just
caused the city to be unrecognizable at
all honey that just sounds awful in
terms of people trying to return it does
sound though like the entry of Aid
meanwhile is somewhat increasing not
enough but there's more but because the
Israelis have now decided to allow it
in well as of this moment nothing is
near enough in terms of the delivery of
humanitarian Aid and the uh the the
entrance of a humanitarian trucks into
the Gaza Strip the 320 tracks they been
announced that they will be entering the
Gaza Strip they are uh merely like a
dropping the ocean of what the greater
needs across the Gaz we have northern
part and Gaza City struggle with acute
famine spreading everywhere causing the
death of a at least 30 people of the
enforced dehydration and starvation and
here an overcrowded uh part part of the
the GS of the southern part in Rafa City
where we have more than one more than
1.5 million people have been pushed to
this area suffer uh daily and struggle
daily to find basic supplies Water
Supplies survival items and they also
suffer from the depletion of basic
resources in the market that alone the
uh the uh the prices that are Skyrock at
the same time there is a financial
incapabilities almost here people
haven't had their uh salary or they pay
roll for the past few months with the
exception of the pa uh employees who are
getting all these slashed salaries that
are not enough to respond uh to the
needs but the fact that we have a block
a blockades on almost all the crossings
that are preventing uh food from
entering a medical supplies uh indicate
that food is in fact being used as a
weapon to collectively punish the people
uh inside the Gaza Strip honey Mahmud
there with the latest for us from the
ground from Rafa and the southern Gaza
Strip thank you honey
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer